Configured certificate URL for release and debug configs (#44)
smartdevicelink/sdl_security_ios: README.md

The following customizations must be made by the OEM in order for the library to work with their proprietary version of SDL Core:

### Certificate URL

> The `CertificateURL` in the **SDLPrivateSecurityConstants.m** file should be updated to point to a database that will return certificate data for a specific SDL `appID`. The certificate data will be stored on disk as a `.pfx` file so it can persist between app sessions. If the certificate has expired, the library will automatically try to download a new certificate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CertificateURL` in the **SDLPrivateSecurityConstants.m** file should be updated to point to an API URL that will return certificate data for a specific SDL `appID`. The certificate data will be stored on disk as a `.pfx` file so it can persist between app sessions. If the certificate has expired, the library will automatically try to download a new certificate. 
```
